Gender neutral writing (#1578)
OWASP/owasp-mstg: Document/0x06e-Testing-Cryptography.md

The KeyChain supports two type of storage mechanisms: a key is either secured by an encryption key stored in the secure-enclave or the key itself is within the secure enclave. The latter only holds when you use an ECDH singing key. See the [Apple Documentation](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/security/certificate_key_and_trust_services/keys/storing_keys_in_the_secure_enclave "Secure Enclave") for more details on its implementation.

> The last three options are to use hardcoded encryption keys in the source code, having a predictable key derivation function based on stable attributes, and storing generated keys in places that are shared with other applications. Obviously, hardcoded encryption keys are not the way to go. This means every instance of the application uses the same encryption key. An attacker needs only to do the work once to extract the key from the source code, whether stored natively or in Objective-C/Swift. Consequently, the attacker can decrypt any other data that was encrypted by the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The last three options consist of using hardcoded encryption keys in the source code, having a predictable key derivation function based on stable attributes, and storing generated keys in places that are shared with other applications. Using hardcoded encryption keys is obviously not the way to go, as this would mean that every instance of the application uses the same encryption key. An attacker needs only to do the work once in order to extract the key from the source code (whether stored natively or in Objective-C/Swift). Consequently, the attacker can decrypt any other data that was encrypted by the application.
```
